I also explore this problem very quickly.
So, okay, let me first read the input.
And the input is this.
1040 4dd211, two, three.
And one, three, two, one, one, three, two, one, eight.
Yep.
And also, there's one more value that scale.
It's a case equals 2 to 8.
So for every previous two value I want, there can be seven also can be five also.
Right.
You can be equal to in logistic what you're doing.
Let's see what's done.
So we get.
So let me quickly take the input.
Okay.
And let me.
Yeah, after this.
What we can do is we can have this segment three eight.
So let me initialize it.
You can see segment three.
Okay.
I can copy paste.
Yep.
Cool.
And then I have this end function, which is really just.
Let's just build it, right.
Why did we lose it, Will Collins?
I mean, there can be different ways of implementing, say, 28.
So this is a normal segment that I generally use, which is I just figured out this structure I have
this init function, this brain function, so that I can use them directly.
Right?
And I have made a snippet out of it and this update, the query and then the short forms will go.
Let me.
Yeah.
So let's see.
I have the segment three edge and what I'll simply do is I'll end it first.
So how will I, instead of initializing, legitimately build it because in it is called inside build
as well to let me just really directly and.
I built it for Lent, and.
And I have to pause in how to do it.
Right.
So right now, what I can do is I can I don't have to needed.
I know why.
Because because we want to calculate the minimum of GDP values.
Eight And that deep value is not calculated.
Basically, it's not offline.
It's only when we're calculating the value will pass it.
We'll pass it to the object so that it can obtain the values.
Correct.
But the second thing is, I have to find something empty.
I can borrow an empty area.
So let me just quickly take somebody eight and in this B, I'll let me just make it zero.
Like, so the minimum is okay, not zero.
Let me make it something big.
Well, initially I've said that the minimum value is something very big and I just posited to.
This segment rate.
And it will just build it will after this.
What we'll do is we'll simply trade for key.
Right.
And what officer gave you an order?
DPA It will be equal to AA only for this key.
And after this.
I'm kidding.
What?
What we have to do is we have to apply this recognition that it is nothing but a minimum of the previous
KDP values rate.
Let's find the minimum.
So what is the minimum?
That segment you will give me?
I would simply say, okay, so whenever I'm saying the goes to AA for the first row, I have to obtain
it in the three as well.
So what I do is I simply say, do you not update and what things are to be passing the update index
and the value rate.
Let me just pass I.
On the value is DPA.
I simply update the tree as it so that it gives me the right minimum when I needed it.
And now what I'll do is I'll query and in the area I just have to pass Eleanor like the range from L
to ah give me the minimum rate.
So what is the range.
The range.
The range ends on i.e. minus one because I minus one is the bigger one and I minus eight.
So the rain starts on my miniskirt and into an A-minus.
Right.
I think both of them are inclusive.
So what we can do now, we have got the minimum for the previous key values and we know the Square D
function will work in this one.
This it works in law often because it uses divide and conquer approach.
Integrity.
And when I've got the minimum, what is the DBA?
DBA is nothing but whatever the minimum, the previous values, blessing.
And after this, when I have found this deep value, I simply updated in the tree so that when I read
it plus one, this guy values updated so that I get the right minimum for whenever I want or didn't
index i.e. all the previous values are updated in the tree as it to let me just updated.
I simply say that.
I'm doing this.
That means I start update on I disagree with DPA.
Correct.
And so let's let me just bring things out here.
Just give me one sec and.
Okay.
I didn't care.
Daycare center.
Okay.
I had an intense depression.
Okay?
Einstein's to be, but not to be any of the others.
So here you can see that.
These are the values that we wanted.
And what should be the final answer according to the problem?
So according to the problem, the final answer is nothing where the value of the lot, the minimum value
of the last element.
So in this case it was three.
But for my case, what I want to do is I want minimum of the last elements.
But I simply says I simply say that see out at start query and for the last element it will end on end
minus one.
And it will start on and minus.
Correct.
Before this ring, just give me what is a minimum.
And the medium is it.
Let me amend this to be.
Good.
So the the answer for this means from every to renewable topic of at least one element is it and let
me say see if it is five.
What if it is it is only two.
That means I think this one and this one can do everything.
It.
What if.
Or.
Again too.
I think the same reason this one and this one can do everything.
So I hope you understood this.
And the complexity of this is let's see who we are running this loop.
Okay.
So before this, we are initializing a segment and we are asking you to build and.
In.
Well, I'm just passing some, uh, random values to buildings and logging time rate, and it will be
linear and log in daimyo.
After this, I'm just running a loop for games and updating it.
So this is okay.
Log in because update will take log in complexity and log in plus key log in.
Yeah.
And Logan.
Large scale Logan.
And then finally this this and minus gear two times log incredible to log in update also log in they
know plus and minus gear into.
Two in the in.
Very.
So this Kellogg Entertainment's.
Kellogg is, uh, logging on.
So this is in log in plus, uh, two plus one, three log in the end logging.
Correct.
And this is for foreign law and order.
Basically the conflict.
It is nothing but.
And Logan.
But.
I hope you understood this.
In the next section we will find out longest increasing sequence that is a very famous problem will
find it out by using in and logging time only.
We have seen the end squared approach but will optimize it using this segment and we can also okay,
let's use family tree in the next part and let's find out the best answer for the allergies will.